Digging the exact DIGPAK and MIDPAK version, I had to do some archeology...
From what I got, the MIDPAK and DIGPAK drivers were distributed as shareware
through BBS. The author asked $500 for each of them, for commercially use.
BBS were telnet servers, offering read/posting messages and downloading files.
The MIDPAK was a wrapper over the AIL library, which only allowed music.

BTW, some schizos insist on using SSH for BBS (Telent is insecure!!!):
https://forum.vcfed.org/index.php?threads/which-to-use-telnet-or-ssh-for-logging-into-bulliten-board-systems-bbss.43829/

Apparently some people never paid $500, since README.PRN had the author
complaining. So yeah, having an audio your game was rather expensive.
The audio cards themselves could cost you $500 and more.
Nowadays we have it for almost free, unless you want something advanced,
like 3d or virtual reality stuff.



In any case, first I will have to work through the rest of STRONG.DAT
code, since I will need to extract the driver files to compare
their exact binaries with the available distributions.
Hopefully I wont need reversing all the int 66h stubs.
Would also be nice finding the sources for VGA library,
and the LBM package used. LBMs mean the graphics was likely made in
Deluxe Paint on Amiga. Or maybe with a DOS port, like Deluxe Paint II,
and DeluxePaint Animation, which are still considered warez:
https://web.archive.org/web/20140117052406/http://www.phatcode.net/downloads.php?id=201


MIDPAK.TXT:
The MIDI driver MIDPAK hooks into user interrupt vector 66h to provide a
clean clear programmers interface. MIDPAK uses the same interupt vector
as DIGPAK. DIGPAK describes the complete set of Digitized sound drivers
provided by THE Audio Solution.

MIDPAK is fully compatible with DIGPAK.  If your application needs to
play back both MIDI music and digitized sound you simply first load the
digitized sound driver you need, and then load the MIDPAK midi driver on
top of it.  The MIDPAK driver detects the presence of the DIGPAK sound
driver and re-routes all calls through it.  If the digitized sound
hardware does not support independent playback of digitized sound (DMA
support: SoundBlaster, and ProAudio Spectrum do.) then MIDI music
playback will shut down while the digitized sound effect is playing.
MIDI music playback will continue once the digitized sound effect has
completed.  This is completely transparent to the running application.

MIDPAK uses the set of MIDI sound drivers developed by Miles Design
Incorporated.  These drivers vary in size and can be noted by the
extension of .ADV.  MIDPAK will always load the sound driver MUSIC.ADV
when started.  The application should copy the apropriate sound driver
over as MUSIC.ADV before loading MIDPAK.

README.PRN:
 Written by John W. Ratcliff (c) 1994
	  Compuserve: 70253,3237
	  Genie: J.RATCLIFF3
	  BBS: 1-314-939-0200
	  Addresss:
			  747 Napa Lane
			  St. Charles, MO 63304

 A $500 per product license fee applies to all commercial software
 products distributed with ANY DIGPAK and another $500 for MIDPAK
 drivers.  That's a total of $1,000 if your product uses BOTH
 DIGPAK and MIDPAK drivers.  If you distribute any commercial title with
 DIGPAK and/or MIDPAK drivers resident then this license fee applies.


https://www.vogons.org/viewtopic.php?t=39406
DIGPAK/MIDPAK library, by John W. Ratcliff and John Miles.
This is a real mode library, drivers work by hooking int 66h.
MIDPAK is but a wrapper for Audio Interface Library 2.0 (AIL) drivers.
However, MIDPAK delivers API functions different from AIL.

PCM drivers extension: COM
Music drivers extension: ADV
Patch banks extensions: AD, OPL, MT (same as in Audio Interface Library)
PCM files supported: VOC
Music files supported: XMI
Setup tool(s): SETD.EXE, SETM.EXE

DIGPAK/MIDPAK developer's kit is available freely over the internet,
search for DMKIT150.ZIP; or older version DIGIMIDI.ZIP. That doesn't include
driver source code, but AIL drivers (they are used in MIDPAK) source code is
still available for free from John Miles's site.



https://www.vgmpf.com/Wiki/index.php?title=Midpak
Midpak is a DOS program and developer suite that allows game designers
to convert MIDI music into its proprietary XMI format to play during games. 



http://justsolve.archiveteam.org/wiki/AIL_real_mode_driver

AIL real mode driver (.ADV) is a music/MIDI driver file for DOS.
It is associated with IBM Audio Interface Library (AIL), a toolkit by
John Miles and Miles Design.

AIL was later renamed to Miles Sound System (or maybe it's more like the
predecessor?). Miles Sound System was acquired by RAD Game Tools in 1994.

It is unclear what relationship, if any, AIL has to IBM. 

There was also an edition of AIL for 32-bit protected mode DOS.
And this doesn't even scratch the surface of what Miles Sound System
has evolved into.

One way to use ADV drivers was via MIDPAK, a third-party product which
incorporated them. MIDPAK is a relative of DIGPAK (see DIGPAK sound driver).

The source code for one version of AIL was released in 2000. 
AIL Version 2" (AIL2.ZIP) - AIL v2.14 (and AIL/32 v1.05), including source code
http://www.ke5fx.com/
